= gitosis_easy_conf

== Work in Progress

This is still work in progress and the author makes no guarantee that it
will ever be completed.

== Description

Because we're using Redmine and Gitosis and are aiming to have a workflow similar to
github, i.e. fork, commit, push, pull-request, we need a repo for each developer for
every project. I.e. 2 rails apps, 3 developers would mean that we have 8 repos.
Having 8 repos, each with their own permissions and naming gets confusing using a gitosis
config, hence this gem.

Scenario:

Four developers and 3 rails applications. Two developers (dev1 & dev2) are owners can can
push commits to the master repositories, the other two developers can't deploy and commit
to the master repositories. There are also two servers to which all the applications can
be deployed to.

The following config.rb is an example:

        Gitosis.config do
          fork_naming_convention do |repo, forker|
            "#{forker}_#{repo}"
          end
          filename "gitosis.readme.conf"
        end

        Gitosis.forkers do
          developer1 'dev.one'
          developer2 'dev.two'
          developer3 'dev.three'
          developer4 'dev.four'
        end

        Gitosis.groups do
          admins         Forker[:developer1], Forker[:developer2]
          developers     Forker[:developer3], Forker[:developer4]
          deployers      'app1.deploy', 'app2.deploy'
          all_developers :admins, :developers
        end

        Gitosis.repositories do
          with_base_configuration( :writable => :admins,
                                   :readable => [:all_developers, :deployers],
                                   :forks    => :all ) do
            rails_app_one
            rails_app_two
            rails_app_three
          end
        end

The result of this configuration can be found in the examples directory.

== Contributing to gitosis_easy_conf

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Gerrit Riessen. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

